hey guys and welcome to the top ten week
going okay coming back top 10 yes top 10
all time favorite tanks and we start out
with the t 18 at the 10 spot how can you
not like a tank that can do this one
kill two kills three kills and a vault
in the end I just like being able to do
this in pop games but it is only tenth
because well it's not that fun to do all
the time at ninth place we have the ELC
AMX I've played this so much that it
only gets a 9th spot on the list I play
a ton with the credits multiplier and
now I just got let's get a little sick
of it oh by the way you can snipe with
it if you want to do that in your games
on spot number eight we have the kv-2
because you can do this to kv-1s thanks
and who doesn't like doing that pricks
like that oh and you can snipe with it
as well which is great but again troll
gun just like the teen 18 doesn't
deserve a super high spot on the spot
number 7 we have the t-34 I can't really
remember why i like this chink can't
really remember it why I gave it to
seventh spot hmm oh yeah it's a very
good credit maker on spot number six we
have the newly addition the W set 131
and I just love it because you can do
this much damage in such a short amount
of time this look at it boom boom boom
penetration great accuracy great damage
awesome rate of fire awesome and yeah
guys for for the fifth spot we have a
blank spot well mostly because something
incredible hasn't
me and that is called life and sadly
it's going to cut the video short here
but of course the rest of the numbers
are coming tomorrow because then I'll
have more time to work on the videos and
yeah have you seen the first five did
anyone get them right if you're in the
running of winning a prize or just close
tell me and I'll look for your name in
the in the first video comment section
where people had to write down the yeah
well the listing but yeah tomorrow we'll
see the remaining five and hope you can
wait for it
hmm it would seem that this part also
cut short just as the video just did hmm
very weird very back here yeah well I
did this just because someone mentioned
in the first or the last week of top 10
tanks that the chance of getting them
all right was insanely small but i have
just thought i had just thought that i
had cleared my views on some tanks of
course getting them in the right order
would be tough but if you are still
listening and have stuck through the
intro or the outro as it's called some
people just skip it I can see that on
the on the the hull how far people watch
and listen to to all of the video so
here's just to to to the guys who stuck
around if you didn't get the right order
of the five tanks then you will now know
the secret right in the next top 10 if
no one got it right at all if you write
pulled pork sandwich and use the first
one to write it in the next video then
you will win gold and i'm giving away
for gold for x 2500 gold just because
the odds of hitting this list was so
insane but yeah it's only you guys who
stuck around who will now know what's
right on the next video if no one gets
it right but if you do write it and
someone gets it right then you will be
shamed on this channel
for just being greedy and not being able
to wait but if you watch the video go
through all the comments on the previous
video see that no one got it and then
write the secret word then you will win
gold if not i will shame you a view in
oh and also secret video which will be
hidden in a description of doc don't
worry but yeah secret message ends here